c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\bin\BookInfo.dll.config
c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\bin\BookInfo.dll
c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\bin\BookInfo.pdb
c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\obj\Debug\BookInfo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\obj\Debug\BookInfo.dll
c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\obj\Debug\BookInfo.pdb
c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\c#user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookInfo\BookInfo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
